# Apotekethjarta
## Constraints
Due to the time-constraint that was caused by the workload of my current job I had to take certain decision and make certain assumption in order to produce a capable backend application. These are the following decision I made when I developed the backend application.
1.	I omitted using Entity Framework, Dapper or ADO.Net due to time constraint because it would take time to set it up and configuring ADO.Net that would have been my choice. I instead assigned two List property of type Order respective OrderItem in OrderRepository and made the repository a singleton so that there will only be one instance of the repository throughout the lifetime of the application. Entity Framework is good because of its time saving operation with the migration features that makes it easier to manage the database changes. But I value performance and control which I assume is of the most important for this kind of microservice and therefore would make use of ADO.Net instead and create store procedure for each of the CRUD operations.
2.	I thought of using CQS and MediatR but did not implement it because I already implemented a more readable and traceable code to showcase my knowledge. I could have implemented CQS but due to time-constraint I left it unimplemented.
3.	As stated I assumed this to be a microservice and therefore only had the property UserId in the entity class Order to be the only reference to the user that made the order.
4.	I did not add any authorization or authentication filter to the controller due to time constraint. But if I had more time I would properly have implemented JWT. 
